Validate doc links in PR/CI (#1851)
microsoft/WindowsAppSDK: docs/Coding-Guidelines/Languages-Markdown.md

GitHub diff is line oriented. Keeping lines within the preferred limit makes changes easier to
review. Use a tool like Prettier to bulk-reformat files, or configure your editor's "rulers." If new
languages become common, we will describe the coding guidelines for such languages here.

> **DO** validate that your links work by visiting them.

Author: ```suggestion
**DO** ensure that all links in documentation are correct; click them in the markdown preview view.
```
